
Admission & Fees
About the program
Curriculum
Campus
About Us
Placements
Login
India's first global
B. Tech. degree in Computer Science & AI
Approved by UGC
An industry-driven exclusive 4-year B. Tech. program in collaboration with Rishihood University

Download brochure


Distinguished faculty from MIT, Duke, and more

Funded global immersion and conferences

Learn from leaders/CXOs of Google, Amazon, etc.

6-month internship with guaranteed stipend

2500+ students placed in top companies (average CTC of 12 LPA)

Up to 100% scholarships available
Duration
4 Years
Learning Mode
Residential
Application Deadline
01 August, 2023
Batch Starts
22 August, 2023
Our alumni work in 1500+ companies






Watch
Introducing Newton School of Technology
Listen to Siddharth Maheshwari, Founder, Newton School of Technology talk about the 4 Years B. Tech. degree in Computer Science & AI


Learn from the best
Learn from India's top academicians, and industry experts from the top companies



AI-driven learning program
‍A learning experience driven by Newton School's proprietary Newton AI technology

Individual mentorship and mandatory internship
Get mentored by CXOs of company and intern at the top companies of your choice for 6 months

Entrepreneurship and leadership focus
‍A specially curated curriculum to make a future tech leader out of you, with a focus on entrepreneurship.
The best of academia

Ravinder Pal Singh
Chief Innovation & Strategy Officer
Alumnus - Harvard Business School

Kishor S. Trivedi
Hudson Distinguished Professor
Duke University

Sanjeev Kumar
Dean, School of Public Leadership
Prev. Lecturer, Yale University

Parag Singla
Prof. of Computer Science
IIT, Delhi

Karthik Mohan
Faculty, University of Washington
Prev. ML Scientist, Amazon, Facebook

Dr. Prathosh A. P
Asstt. Professor, Computer Science,
IISc, Bangalore

Prasad Jayanti
Ex. Head of Computer Science
Dartmouth University

Siddhartha Jayanti
Research Scientist
Google Research, PhD MIT Boston
The best of industry

Gurmandeep Singh Bedi
Sr. Software Developer
Oracle

Vinith Alampally
Software Engineer
Google

Devang Sharma
Senior Software Developer
BMO, Ex. NASA

Deepali Shinde
Senior Software Engineer
Ex. Walmart, Morgan Stanley

Rohit Arora
Senior Software Developer
Microsoft
Trusted by the best - our angel investors

Kunal Shah
Founder


Kalyan Krishnamurthy
CEO


Sujeet Kumar
‍Co-founder


Gaurav Munjal, Hemesh Singh, Roman Saini,Founders

Your 24x7 personal lab: Apple MacBook Pro
You get a personal Apple MacBook Pro with the course, to ensure you have the best learning experience with your personal computer lab.

This powerful device will help you explore computer science and AI, enabling you to code, analyze data, and create AI applications. With its advanced features and seamless integration, the MacBook Pro will be your reliable companion for hands-on projects and collaborative learning.

The Newton Learning Experience
Immersive. Experiential. Game-Changing.
Become the first choice of industry and universities through our tested curriculum.

Build your own company

1 crore investment fund

Visit Silicon Valley, Singapore, Israel

Global certifications

Internship with stipend

Learn from CEOs/CXOs

Experience the right global exposure
Embark on a journey to the tech capitals of the world with international study trips, summits, and conferences, while exploring and deeply engaging with the global business landscape and local community.
‍
Visits include HPAIR Conference at Harvard, MIT Computer Science Conference, Milan Design Week, and more.

CURRICULUM
The roadmap to earning a world-class degree in computer science
At Newton School of Technology, we understand that simply earning a degree isn't enough to guarantee success in today's competitive job market. This program is designed and  taught by industry experts to bridge the gap between the classroom and the job market, giving you a competitive edge and preparing you for the demands of the tech industry. By gaining a deep understanding of real-world challenges, you will develop the confidence and credentials to succeed in your tech career.

YEAR 1
Foundation
→ Code your first computer software
→ Taking first step towards entrepreneurship
→ Building your own Web Applications like
→ Facebook, Flipkart, Amazon, etc.
→ Startup weekends and Bootcamps
YEAR 2
Achieve
→ Earning your first pay-check
→ Data Driven Decision making
→ How to crack the MAANG interview
→ International visits for internships, events, and conferences to Silicon Valley, Israel, and Singapore
→ Learning the bread and butter of an Uber Data Analyst                
YEAR 3
Innovate
→ Diving into the world of Artificial Intelligence
→ Building the technologies used by Tesla, Alexa, etc.
→ Personalising ChatGPT for yourself
→ Building an Instagram, Snapchat like mobile app
→ Exploration of research areas of computer science
→ Shadow CXOs, understand their lives and learning on how to operate companies
YEAR 4
Succeed
→ Understanding the fundamentals of building a startup
→ Start your a new age venture and pitch to VCs
→ Mandatory 6 months industry/research internship
→ Participate in research projects with top-notch faculty
A legacy of 2500+ careers built!
We have already built careers of more than 2500 students, all of them earning a cumulative salary of more than $50 million!

During the course, you will also get to engage constantly with our alumni working at companies like Google, Flipkart, Xiaomi, and get mentored by them.

Rest assured, you're in good hands!
1500+
Hiring Partners
98%
Placement Rate
12 LPA
Average Salary
2500+
Students Placed












The Newton legacy that promises you the
most advanced and industry-oriented education in tech
Traditional CS degree
Why a traditional college degree in Computer Science does not give you the outcomes you deserve


Outdated curriculum

Theory-based learning

No industry exposure

Lack of personalised guidance

Very less support for placements
The Newton Edge
We've cracked the code and built more than 2500 careers, with our alumni earning more than ₹100 crores annually!

Industry-relevant updated curriculum
Practical, hands-on learning approach
Exposure to industry training, projects, and mentors
One-on-one guidance and group mentorship sessions
More than 1500 companies ready to hire you in your 3rd year
Get Started
CAMPUS LIFE
State-of-the-art facilities on campus

A blend of Indian and Western architecture and culture - discover the lush 25-acre campus below

















Message from the founders
"The new wave of technology is here to change our lives forever. India is set to be the technology powerhouse of the world. Newton School of Technology unites with Rishihood University to empower the youth of India to get the right talent and gain the right kind of skills through education. Together, we will create a new generation of technology leaders who will shape the future of India and the world."

Nishant Chandra, Siddharth Maheshwari
Co-founders, Newton School
Forbes 30 Under 30 India and Asia, 2022

We've been in the news!
The media loves us, and more so, our students. Here are some of the clippings of our impactful media footprint.










Admission
About the program
Campus
Contact
Approved by UGC
© 2023 Incanus Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Terms
Privacy
Applications are now closed.
